sam,I hate acute anterior poliomyelitis
andy,I love fluffy bunnies running through happy acadia national park
ben,Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.
clark,Dont buy this here !!!!!!!!
dan,DOES NOT WORK AT ALL DONT THROW AWAY YOUR MONEY SHOULD READ 0 STAR
fred,I bought vonage service thinking that finally there is a company which will let me control everything from their web portal, and provide features that traditional phone companies do not. Good thing I kept my number with traditional phone company and got a second line with Vonage.Its voice quality was really bad, and cancelling it was a pain to say the least. It took me 4 months to cancell it. Waiting forever on hold. Please read internet forums/blogs before you decide to "save" money
nolan,I've had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac Mini. Works great with both Windows and Mac OS X, with no hassles. The removable stand is a nice touch, as you can pack the reader into a laptop bag or lay it horizontally if you prefer. Highly recommended
malina,Just to clarify, Sahara Davenport is NOT my ex. We never broke up. Till death do us part.
khary,In 2017, the gun suicide rate rose to its highest level since the late 1990s. Gun suicides accounted for 60% of all gun deaths in 2017.Gun suicides & homicides are a leading cause of injury death for Americans at nearly every age
khan,Happy birthday to this absolute babe, miss you so much and can’t wait to see you soon!!! Love U so much
slam,True or false: Kyrie has the best signature line in the NBA right now.
aman,my homework is so ANNOYING. i missed my science, math and Italian class today and I’m still doing the hw so I’m not behind. fucking dedication.
sunshine,Sit in Engineering Analysis, Signals & Systems, Data Structures, Electronics, Circuit Theory 2, Fluid Mechanics, Structural Analysis, etc. See if you still have your unworthy 4.0s then.
ruban,#100DaysOfCode R1D41: Started on the @freeCodeCamp Javascript algorithms and data structures projects, and finished the first two. Tomorrow I'll review my solution for Roman Numeral and continue, I hope to finish tomorrow or the day after.
kevin,The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. Martin Luther King, Jr.
kevin,I'm sorry that I hurt people.. I am evolving and want to continue to do so. My goal is to bring people together not tear us apart.  Much love & appreciation to the Academy.  I hope we can meet again.
walt,All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
eric,Life is like a train. It's barring down on you and guess what? it's gonna hit you. So you can either start running when it's far off in the distance or you can pull up a chair, crack open a beer and just watch it come.
trump,One of the very exciting things to come out of my meeting with President Xi of China is his promise to me to criminalize the sale of deadly Fentanyl coming into the United States. It will now be considered a “controlled substance.” This could be a game changer on what is.......
